# Generated on Thu Apr 15 21:28:51 2021
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting brightness -value 100%
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:annotTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:annotTextColor -value gray88
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:annotTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:annotTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:annotTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:annotTextColor -value gray88
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:annotTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:annotTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:annotTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:annotTextColor -value gray88
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:annotTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:annotTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:nameTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:nameTextColor -value lightcoral
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:nameTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:nameTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:nameTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:nameTextColor -value gray88
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:nameTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:nameTextClip -value FromRight
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_bus:nameTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_bus:nameTextColor -value lightcoral
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_bus:nameTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_bus:nameTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_net:nameTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_net:nameTextColor -value lightcoral
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_net:nameTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_net:nameTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell_hc:nameTextVisible -value false
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell_hc:nameTextColor -value gray88
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell_hc:nameTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell_hc:nameTextClip -value FromLeft
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:typeTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:typeTextColor -value gold2
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:typeTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:typeTextClip -value None
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:nameTextVisible -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:nameTextColor -value gray88
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:nameTextSize -value Large
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:nameTextClip -value FromLeft
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_ripper:lineColor -value green3
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_pin:lineColor -value green3
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_port:lineColor -value green3
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_bus:lineColor -value mediumblue
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_net:lineColor -value deepskyblue
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_collapsed_cell:lineColor -value darkgreen
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell_hc:lineColor -value darkorange
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schem_cell:lineColor -value green3
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting schematic:background_color -value black
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting netSegments -value true
gui_set_setting -window [gui_get_current_window -types Schematic -mru] -setting showInfoTip -value false
